bqetl CLI docs (#1307)
mozilla/bigquery-etl: README.md

Bigquery UDFs and SQL queries for building derived datasets.

The `bqetl` CLI
---

The `bqetl` command-line tool aims to simplify working with the bigquery-etl repository by supporting
common workflows, such as creating, validating and scheduling queries or adding new UDFs.

> `bqetl` can be installed by running `pip install mozilla-bigquery-etl` or by downloading the repository
> and running `pip install .`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bqetl` can be installed by running `pip install mozilla-bigquery-etl` or by cloning the repository
and running `pip install --editable .`
```

The `-e` or `--editable` flag ensures that the installed executable continues to reference the source code rather than making a static copy at the time of install.

### Usage

The CLI groups commands into different groups:

```
$ bqetl --help
Commands:
  dag     Commands for managing DAGs.
  dryrun  Dry run SQL.
  format  Format SQL.
  mozfun  Commands for managing mozfun UDFs.
  query   Commands for managing queries.
  udf     Commands for managing UDFs.
  ...
```

To get information about commands and available options, simply append the `--help` flag:

```
$ bqetl query create --help
Usage: bqetl query create [OPTIONS] NAME

  Create a new query with name <dataset>.<query_name>, for example:
  telemetry_derived.asn_aggregates

Options:
  -p, --path DIRECTORY  Path to directory in which query should be created
  -o, --owner TEXT      Owner of the query (email address)
  -i, --init            Create an init.sql file to initialize the table
  --help                Show this message and exit.
```

Running some commands, for example to create or query tables, require access to GCP which can

> be granted by running `gcloud auth login`.

Reviewer: This should probably just say that it requires GCP access similar to the `bq` CLI and link to https://docs.telemetry.mozilla.org/cookbooks/bigquery/access.html#using-the-bq-command-line-tool  rather than mentioning any specific auth steps.
